It is very important to use remote repositories when collaborating.  Whenever
one might want to make changes public, using a remote repository is useful
but if not it might be better to keep the repository local.

It would create lots of conflicts if Git continuosly pulled files from the
remote repository.  Changes made locally might be lost proving really tedious 
and ultimately time consuming.

The difference between forks and clones is that a fork makes a copy of the repository
inside Git hub.  This repository is made quickly available through the Github
servers; a clone on the other hand makes copy of a repository with a known
web adress directly to the computer, but not on GitHub.  Branches are parallel
paths, usually taken to work in an experimental maner before implementing. A branch is 
usually evaluated through Git, before implementing changes into the master branch
since the master branch is usually the one merged and pushed onto Github.

The benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally is
that it allows the developer a means of comparing changes locally.  This can be done 
while offline; especially useful if your'e in a plane, for example.  

Without using gitHub the best way to work would be side by sided with a small group,
focused on one task.  This group would have a presenter, which would rotate every time
to expose their tasks, how it fits into the project and what are their concerns related
to other areas.  The downside to this strategy is the amount of time that can be wasted
if any issues arise within a meeting of if code is dependant on another team member
inside another team group, they would have to wait for the issue to be resolved
by that same member in a possibly indefinite amount of time.  Git and GitHub
really make this process much smoother.  It allows developers to remain at their locations
and work as a group effectively in much less time.

Changes are obviously made to a separate branch rather the master branch in order to
maintain a presentable product that wont break.  